Update with commonwealth window (#10)
regen-network/governance: README.md

- Once a forum discussion has started, a link to the discussion should be shared publicly in the #governance channel of the Regen Network [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/regen-network) and on Telegram and Twitter (tagging [@regen_network](https://twitter.com/regen_network)).

> - The time between socializing the proposal and submitting the proposal will vary depending on the proposal and community engagement but generally a proposal should be brought to discussion on commonwealth *at least* two weeks before submitting the proposal on chain.

Reviewer: We may want to have an official proposal for this change. The idea with proposal 10 was to update the voting period but to also introduce guidelines that are updated through a governance process:

> With that being said, any significant changes to the guidelines should go through the governance process in the form of a text proposal.

I think this change along with any others would be the result of [Formalize the Use of Commonwealth](https://forum.regen.network/discussion/4328-proposal-for-discussion-formalize-the-use-of-commonwealth).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The time between socializing the proposal and submitting the proposal will vary depending on the proposal and community engagement but generally a proposal should be brought to discussion on [Commonwealth](https://forum.regen.network/) *at least* two weeks before submitting the proposal on chain.
```

> - In certain circumstances, an emergency proposal may need to be submitted. An emergency proposal fixes a security vulnerability or a critical bug in the software and in which case these guidelines may not apply. Emergency upgrades will likley happen outside of the formal onchain governance process due to security concerns. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In certain circumstances, an emergency proposal may need to be submitted. An emergency proposal fixes a security vulnerability or a critical bug in the software and in which case these guidelines may not apply. Emergency upgrades will likely happen outside of the formal on-chain governance process due to security concerns. 
```
